Docs: Added Support page (#6467)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: docs/content/troubleshooting/troubleshoot-support.md

---

> docs: DOCS-1459

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docs: DOCS-1648
```

CC @ADubhlaoich @Jcahilltorre - I created a new ticket for this in the catalog

doctypes:
- troubleshooting
draft: false
tags:
- docs
title: Support
toc: true
weight: 100
---

> NGINX Ingress Controller adheres to the support policy detailed in the following knowledge base article: [K000140156](https://my.f5.com/manage/s/article/K000140156).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

F5 NGINX Ingress Controller adheres to the support policy detailed in the following knowledge base article: [K000140156](https://my.f5.com/manage/s/article/K000140156).
```

In order to open a support ticket, F5 would like additional information to better understand the problem.

> The [nginx-supportpkg-for-k8s](https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-supportpkg-for-k8s) plugin is such a tool used to obtain additional information needed by F5 Technical Support when troubleshooting your issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [nginx-supportpkg-for-k8s](https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-supportpkg-for-k8s) plugin collects the information needed by F5 Technical Support to assist with troubleshooting your issue.
```

> The plugin leverages [krew](https://krew.sigs.k8s.io), the plugin manager for [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubectl/) command-line tool of kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin leverages [krew](https://krew.sigs.k8s.io), the plugin manager for the Kubernetes [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubectl/) command-line tool.
```

The plugin may collect some or all of the following global and namespace-specific information:

> * k8s version, nodes information and CRDs
> * pods logs
> * list of pods, events, configmaps, services, deployments, statefulsets, replicasets and leases
> * k8s metrics
> * helm deployments
> * nginx -T output from NGINX related pods

Reviewer: ```suggestion

* k8s version, nodes information, and CRDs
* Pods' logs
* list of Pods, events, ConfigMaps, Services, Deployments, StatefulSets, ReplicaSets, and Leases
* k8s metrics
* helm Deployments
* `nginx -T` output from NGINX-related pods
```

This plugin **DOES NOT** collect secrets or coredumps.

> Please visit the [project’s GitHub page](https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-supportpkg-for-k8s) for further details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please visit the [project’s GitHub repo](https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-supportpkg-for-k8s) for further details.
```

---

> docs: DOCS-1648
> doctypes:
> - troubleshooting
> draft: false
> tags:
> - docs
> title: Support
> toc: true
> weight: 100

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Commercial support
weight: 100
docs: DOCS-000
```

---

F5 NGINX Ingress Controller adheres to the support policy detailed in the following knowledge base article: [K000140156](https://my.f5.com/manage/s/article/K000140156).

> In order to open a support ticket, F5 would like additional information to better understand the problem.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After opening a support ticket, F5 staff will request additional information to better understand the problem.
```

> The [nginx-supportpkg-for-k8s](https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-supportpkg-for-k8s) plugin collects the information needed by F5 Technical Support to assist with troubleshooting your issue.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [nginx-supportpkg-for-k8s](https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-supportpkg-for-k8s) plugin collects the information needed by F5 Technical Support to assist with troubleshooting your issue.

When used, the plugin will generate a tarball of the collected information which can be shared with the support channels.

```

> The plugin leverages [krew](https://krew.sigs.k8s.io), the plugin manager for the Kubernetes [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubectl/) command-line tool.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The plugin uses [krew](https://krew.sigs.k8s.io), the plugin manager for the Kubernetes [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubectl/) command-line tool.
```

Simpler language

The plugin may collect some or all of the following global and namespace-specific information:

> * k8s version, nodes information, and CRDs

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* k8s version, nodes information, and Custom Resources (kubectl describe output)
```

> * k8s version, nodes information, and CRDs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* K8s version, nodes information, and CRDs
```

Author: Thanks, previous commits have outdated your edit preventing me from committing it as is. 
I have adopted you suggestion as a separate commit.

* Pods' logs

> * list of Pods, events, ConfigMaps, Services, Deployments, StatefulSets, ReplicaSets, and Leases

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* list of Pods, events, ConfigMaps, Services, Deployments, Daemonsets, StatefulSets, ReplicaSets, and Leases
```

> * list of Pods, events, ConfigMaps, Services, Deployments, StatefulSets, ReplicaSets, and Leases

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* List of Pods, events, ConfigMaps, Services, Deployments, StatefulSets, ReplicaSets, and Leases
```

Author: Thanks, previous commits have outdated your edit preventing me from committing it as is. 
I have adopted you suggestion as a separate commit.

* k8s metrics

> * helm Deployments

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Helm Deployments
```

* `nginx -T` output from NGINX-related pods

> This plugin **DOES NOT** collect secrets or coredumps.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This plugin **does not** collect secrets or coredumps.
```

Bold is already used for emphasis: if it requires further attention, a warning callout should be used instead of caps.

> Please visit the [project’s GitHub repo](https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-supportpkg-for-k8s) for further details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Visit the [project’s GitHub repository](https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-supportpkg-for-k8s) for further details.
```

> When used, the plugin will generate a tarball of the collected information which can be shared via the support channels.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

This should be explained near the introduction, not the end.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> **Support Channels:**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Support channels
```

- If you experience issues with NGINX Ingress Controller, please [open an issue](https://github.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/issues/new?assignees=&labels=bug%2Cneeds+triage&projects=&template=BUG-REPORT.yml&title=%5BBug%5D%3A+) in GitHub.

- If you have any enhancement requests, please [open a feature request](https://github.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/issues/new?assignees=&labels=proposal&projects=&template=feature_request.md&title=) in GitHub.

> - If you have any ideas or suggestions to discuss, please [open an idea discussion](https://github.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/discussions/categories/ideas) in Github.

Author: Thanks, I have adopted your suggesting in a separate commit.
